gamer wakes up and finds out the world
is taken by a zombie virus and tries to
survive alone
welcome to our channel scary recap today
i'm going to explain a thriller drama
movie called hashtag alive
spoilers ahead keep watching till the
end
[Music]
the movie begins in a dark apartment
it's illuminated mostly through the
colorful lights of a computer gaming
setup on alarm rings we see the sleepy
face of oh john wu the protagonist his
parents have already left for work they
left behind instructions for him he's
asked to get groceries for home with his
sister
john wu is then seen starting off his
day with his usual routine playing games
he then turns on the tv and is met with
some concerning news
he walks over to the balcony to see
people being attacked by zombies
people's eyes are bleeding and they're
attacking people everybody appears to
have developed cannibalistic urges
everyone is screaming glass is
shattering sirens wailing it's all a
mess
cars tumble over sidewalks and fire
engines clash with mobs of people
next you see a young girl rush into the
arms of her mother only to be bitten and
infected by her
john wu watches this all from his flat
slack-jawed and
horrified he hears loud noises outside
his apartment as he opens the door to
the hallway his neighbor lee sangol
barges in
the man pleads to let him stay
john wu doubts that his neighbor is
bitten and tells the neighbor to leave
the man is very reluctant and pleads
with june wu to at least let him use his
toilet when he comes out of the bathroom
his eyes are bloodshot and it seems his
transformation is almost complete
as mass hysteria explodes outside his
apartment june wu's brain connects the
dots zombies
and that is when suddenly the neighbor
succumbs to the infection
jun wu then gets out a knife he asks him
to get out when he shows symptoms of
infection but not before he entirely
zombifies and tries to attack june wu
jun wu pushes him back out of the
apartment unit and locks the door
joon wu then sees a larger zombie come
and attack him it kills the infected lee
by beating him to death blood flows down
his door
june wu smartens up and blocks the door
with the refrigerator he then tries to
reach his family a lot of times but all
to no avail he then gets a message from
his parents saying they are fine we see
a sign of relief on his face
the last text he receives from his
mother reads my son you must survive
he hears the tv reporters say to make
sure people have enough food supplies
he tries to ration the snacks at home
but this is very hard as they were
limited to begin with he regrets not
getting enough groceries
joon wu seems like the sort of guy who'd
barely be able to last a day without his
mom making a meal for him but he's left
with no choice he's in self-quarantine
to keep the zombies from entering his
apartment
the following day he wakes up to a
reporter on tv giving more information
about the apocalypse
jun wu posts rescue requests on social
media although nobody responds
he also comes across a disturbing video
of a rather stupid young man he is seen
hanging outside the terrace of a
multiple story building with his phone
attached to a selfie stick in a bid to
get a signal he receives a signal only
to lose it soon after he then loses his
hold and falls into the arms of eagerly
waiting zombies
oh joon wu then goes on to use a drone
it'd have helped to identify clear areas
but stops his survey when he sees that
his battery is now low with nothing else
left to do junewoof falls asleep to
distract his mind he played video games
but the internet service dies too
he wakes up to odd noises and looks
outside he watches as a police officer
shoots down two zombies she tries to
kill the zombies with a gun however he
realizes the rifle is empty of bullets
the bullets fall to the ground as she
tries to reload them zombies drag her to
the side
joon wu attempts to scare off the
zombies nearly 100 meters away by
yelling at them but they attacked the
officer
this attracts the attention of a zombie
close to his house a zombie bangs on the
door
jun wu takes a golf club for defense the
infected man breaks into the apartment
knocking over the fridge and destroying
the food inside june woo somehow manages
to bait him into falling off the balcony
as he looks down he sees many zombies
including the police officer he saw a
while back
jun wu then secures the door in every
way he could he is unharmed but it seems
that his encounter with a zombie has
reduced his ratio as the little food in
the fridge has all found its way to the
floor
jun woo manages to post a cry for help
on social media despite the poor
internet connection
he's next seen opening the cabinet to
stay hydrated he starts drinking out of
his father's liquor june woo smartly
seals off the entire terrace while
eating the last noodles in the house he
accidentally knocks over the last water
bottle leaving the whole house devoid of
water his attempt to listen to the radio
on his phone is foiled he cannot get any
wired earphones to serve as an antenna
all his earphones are wireless
on day 15 the curtains open
the room is very bright
jun wu is seen dancing and listening to
music around his apartment holding the
liquor glass
jun woo seems a little crazy or maybe
just drunk as he hallucinates meeting
his family waking up from the
hallucination he is left very sad
he finally gets a call from his mother
but the signal is so bad he hardly hears
a thing he then pulls the stunt the
stupid young man on the internet had
pulled earlier as he listens to the
voicemail he realizes that it's a
recording of his family's last moments
he was stopped by the sounds of them
being eaten alive by zombies
in his anger he breaks things in his
home he then goes outside
there he sees a surprisingly slow zombie
he takes out his rage on the zombie
using a golf club he then encounters a
zombie eating a person's gut as a woman
yells for help it urges others to come
too
not too long after he is nearly swamped
in a sea of zombies he shockingly runs
to get to his house alive
jun wu records a video of him saying
goodbye he steps on a chair and resorts
to hanging himself out of grief
as he dangles from his noose he has tied
a laser light shines on his face
the beam guides to the word no on the
writing on the wall
he struggles with the noose until he is
freed and watches the beam
it then points to different alphabets on
the writings of the wall to spell the
word [ __ ]
this is how we meet our female lead
it is kim yu bin she lives in the flat
adjacent to june wu's flat
jun wu now freed from the noose sees her
he waves to her excitedly she greets
back and gestures that they meet again
by seven o'clock
we then see the home of you bin
candles lit she's seen reorganizing her
house into booby traps for zombies
she then drinks water but as she sees
her plant she waters it
june wu wakes up by 11 o'clock he
realizes that he was supposed to meet
her outside at seven he gestures his
apology and then projects his name on
his phone she reciprocates after a brief
attempt to communicate they agreed to
meet by seven o'clock she hears a sound
and runs in it to find the source it
shows one of her traps had trapped a
zombie that made its way into her house
she then axed its head off
the following day at the agreed-upon
time yoo-bin attempts to pass food over
to jun wu when she sees that he is
hungry she attaches a rope to a
basketball she then throws it across
hoping it gets into his home
the ball doesn't make it
june wu then uses his drone to give a
rope to you bin
using the rope bridge she passes him a
container of snacks and a bottle of
water the ball with the rope that failed
to make it across becomes a ladder for
one of the zombies
jun wu gestures to her before yoo bin
could loosen the string that was
fastened to her table the zombie pulls
on it it sends the table flying in her
direction thus knocking her out
the zombie climbs the apartment to get
to ubin
jun wu attempts to distract the zombie
by throwing beer bottles he then flies
his drone close to it the zombie
destroys the drone in a fury it gives
you bin enough time to axe off the hand
of the zombie
jun wu then goes to the other houses in
search of food he gets a wired earphone
and also finds two walkie-talkies
soon he runs into some zombies and has
to flee back home he sends back the
container you bin gave him with some
food and the walkie talkie
with the takis they eventually start to
communicate they also make noodles
together
while they talk jun wu asks you bin to
bring out basins as he can hear heavy
sounds he thinks it's raining
they look out at the terraces but it's
not raining
instead they see a multitude of zombies
running into both apartment complexes
simultaneously
they both lie low and try to stay silent
the infected hordes looked agitated
yubin accidentally knocks over a shelf
in her house
a crowd gathers at her door however june
wu diverts their attention he uses the
apartment complex's phone system to call
the unit next to hers
she gets ready to go because she knows
she'll be attacked by zombies soon
they suit up and repel from their
balconies
she informs june wu that her destination
is the eighth floor of his apartment
complex thinking no one lives on that
floor they both agree to go up
kim yoo bin uses the rope to rappel down
from her balcony she runs through the
parking lot towards ojun wu's apartment
complex while being chased by zombies
she manages to get a revolver from the
ground junwoo runs out to help her and
they both narrowly miss being swamped by
zombies as they enter the elevator to
the eighth floor
all is peaceful on the eighth floor but
this only lasted for a second
a zombie sees them and gathers other
infected they were lurking in every
corner desperately looking for their
next meal
a man throws smoke bombs at the zombies
he quickly opens his door and quickly
pulls them in before they get eaten
he seems kind and offers them food while
telling them of a rescue team that he
has seen come around
the two accept the stranger's food and
water in his home
they are overjoyed but it appears that
their happiness is short because of the
drugs in the food jun wu falls asleep
yubin tries to fight the drug side
effects the stranger on the other hand
binds their wrist he confines yubin to a
room with his infected wife
eubin screams when the man releases his
zombie wife on her
to check on his wife the stranger opens
the door with you bin she falls on him
she rescues herself by covering the
infected wife's head with fabric the man
eventually dies by his own zombie-turned
wife
ubin shoots both of them when the man
surrenders to his wife's attack
this draws the attention of more zombies
the sight of the mangled pair hits you
bin and jun wu
seeing the end so close they decide to
shoot themselves instead of getting
bitten
you bin thrusts the gun into junwoo's
hands
as he hesitates helicopters pass outside
they struggle so hard to make it to the
rooftop of the apartment the zombies
find their way to the rooftop too
they gradually creep closer and closer
just when they are about to be swapped
by the zombies the military appears in
the chopper they shoot at the zombies
while helping them into the helicopter
inside the helicopter oh joon wu and kim
yu-bin become overjoyed and find out the
phone connection has started working
again
ojun wu finds out that his family is
alive and safe a news broadcast makes a
public announcement that the military
rescue is now active anyone posted on
social media for help is now being
rescued
well that's all for the video make sure
you subscribe for more of these